#### A Look into the POAP Script 

You've now seen POAP in action in and should understand that a Python script (ours is called `poap_script.py`) is pulled down from the TFTP server to each Nexus switch during the POAP process--this was Step 4 in the flowchart we saw previously.

> Remember, when we setup the TFTP server, we configured the TFTP server to
serve files from the `/root/sbx_nxos/learning_labs/poap/poap_app/templates/` directory. And when we setup the DHCP server, we defined the script (boot file) for the switch to look for as being `poap_script.py`.

After the script is pulled down by the switch via TFTP, it is executed. The first thing the script does, is reach back out to the central POAP server with information about it's serial number and MAC address. 

So, how does the script know about the IP and port of the POAP server? This is an operator task and a common option is to define this in the Python script. 

Let's take a look at this in the actual Python script.

Open the Python script using a text editor.  It is stored here: 

```
/root/sbx_nxos/learning_labs/poap/poap_app/templates/poap_script.py`
```

The section in the script that would normally need to be updated is the following:

```python
##
# USER INPUT SECTION - DEFINE POAP SERVER IP
#

options = {
    "poap_server": "10.10.20.20",
    "port": "5000"
}

```

For the lab, this has already been set.  For assurance, you can ensure the `poap_server` is set to "10.10.20.20" and the `port` is set to `5000`. 

> Note: If any modification is made to the script, you'll need to execute the `/root/sbx_nxos/learning_labs/poap/poap_app/templates/md5sum_ztp.sh` script. This script updates the md5sum signature within the script. As noted earlier, the switch will compute the md5sum of the downloaded script locally and check if it matches the signature in the script. POAP will fail if there is a mismatch.

You've seen POAP at its finest allowing four switches to boot up and receive base configurations from our POAP server, i.e. the HTTP server that is pushing down configurations based on MAC Address of the switch itself.

This functionality only occurs due to this Python script (`poap_script.py`) that is pulled down from the TFTP server and executed on each switch.  
