# Using Ansible to Automate Cisco ACI

Cisco Application Centric Infrastructure (ACI) has several tools to help you build and operate the ACI Fabric programmatically using its APIs. Some of these tools include the API Inspector, ACI Cobra SDK, and ACI Toolkit.  All of these tools are covered in other DevNet Learning Labs too!

This particular learning lab walks you through using the newest way to automate ACI--using Ansible by Red Hat. The benefit of using Ansible, specifically ACI modules in Ansible, is that it takes away the need to write and develop custom scripts, since the modules are essentially scripts written to perform a particular task. This saves you time from having to research API requests, developing code to make the proper API request, and from testing and debugging the code.

## Prerequisites

The user has an understanding and knowledge of the following:
- Complete the xyz Devnet learning lab(s)--- all other ACI programmability labs
- Basic Ansible
- Application Centric Infrastructure (ACI)
- You have local machine with Linux pre-installed 

## Using This Lab

This lab uses the Always-On APIC available through the DevNet Sandbox environment; details for connecting to the APIC can be found at https://devnetsandbox.cisco.com/RM/Topology. The files we will use in this lab can be found at https://github.com/REPLACEME. You can download or clone the files to your local Linux-based machine.

```bash
$ git clone https://github.com/REPLACEME.git
$ cd REPLACEME
$ ls
FILL OUT WITH FILES

```

This lab assumes you are familiar with Ansible and have Ansible 2.4 or greater installed on your machine. If you do not have Ansible installed, or have an earlier version, then the latest version can be installed using **pip**:

```bash
$ pip install ansible
...
install logs
...
$ 
```

For additional installation help, please see Ansible documentation at http://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/intro_installation.html.

