## Ansible ACI Modules

Now that you have an Ansible version with the ACI modules on your system, you should understand a little more about the modules themselves.

The ACI Ansible modules work like you would expect an Ansible Module to behave: they have fixed parameters used to connect and configure the remote device (in our case, this is the APIC), are idempotent and only push configurations when the module's parameters are different than what currently exists, and return back the status of the module's execution and what changes were made.

Since these modules are idempotent, we will use common Ansible language of making sure the end device is in the desired state. The goal of Ansible modules is not to apply changes to end devices, but to ensure they are in the desired state per the parameters passed into the module.

There are four main types of modules in the ACI package:

* Tenant modules - these are used to manage Tenant configurations, including App Profiles, EPGs, VRFs, Bridge Domians, and Policy configurations. 
* Infrastructure modules - these are used to interact with the Fabric Inventory and Switchport Policies.
* Configuration Management - the package currently supports creating configuration snapshots, previewing configuration differences, and performing a rollback to a previous snapshot.
* General Purpose module(s) - there is also a general purpose module that can be used to make any request to the API using data stored in a JSON or XML file. This can be used for any feature that doesn't yet have a tenant or infrastructure module.

### Common ACI Module Parameters

There are a set of common parameters the are available in most, if not all of the ACI Ansible modules. Most of them are used for establishing a connection to the APIC, and we will be using them throughout this learning lab:

* **hostname:** The name or IP address of the host
* **username:** The username to use to login to the APIC
* **password:** The password associated with the user's account
* **use_ssl:** Determines whether to use http or https. The default is https, but can be set to False to use http
* **validate_certs:** Determines whether to validate the APIC's certificate against the server's known_hosts file. The default is to validate, but can be set to False to ignore invalid certificate warnings
* **state:** Determines what the desired state of the object's configuraion. The default is "present"
    - present: Ensures the configuration exists for the object
    - absent: Ensures the configuration does not exist for the object
    - query: Retrieves a list of existing configurations for the object or object class.
* **description:** A description to apply to the object's configuration; used to identify the purpose of the object.

Next, we'll take a look at sample return values from each module because remember, every module returns a JSON object!

### Common Module Return Values

TBD based on module progression

Tentative:
* **method:**
    - The HTTP method used for the request.
    - EX: POST
* **url:**
    - The base URL used to make the request.
    - EX: https://sandboxapicdc.cisco.com/api/mo/uni/tn-[ACI_Ansible].json
* **filter_string**
    - The string appended to the URL to limit the scope of what is returned from the GET request.
    - EX: ?rsp-prop-include=config-only
* **status:**
    - The status code from the HTTP request.
    - EX: 200
* **response:**
    - The response message from the HTTP request.
    - EX: OK (1257 bytes)
* **existing:**
    - The configuration of object before the module performs any tasks.
    - EX:
    ```json
    [
        {
            "fvTenant": {
                "attributes": {
                    "descr": "", 
                    "dn": "uni/tn-ACI_Ansible", 
                    "name": "ACI_Ansible", 
                    "nameAlias": "", 
                    "ownerKey": "", 
                    "ownerTag": ""
                }
            }
        }
    ]
    ```
* **proposed:**
    - The transformation of the parameters defined by the task into the equivalent APIC configuration.
    - EX: 
    ```
    {
        "fvTenant": {
            "attributes": {
                "name": "ACI_Ansible"
                "descr": "Tenant Created Using Ansible"
            }
        }
    }
    ```
* **config:** 
    - The body of the HTTP request sent to the APIC.
    - This is derived from doing a diff between the proposed and existing values.
    - EX: 
    ```
    {
        "fvTenant": {
            "attributes": {
                "descr": "Tenant created using Ansible"
            }
        }
    }
    ```

We'll start by configuring an ACI fabric using the Tenant modules.

