### Preparing the TFTP server

As we stated previously, once the DHCP process is complete, the switch will have an IP address assigned, and it'll be given the IP address of a TFTP server to download the target Python script.  In this section, we will set up the TFTP server for the lab.

In the same directory you executed the playbook to install and setup DHCP, now execute the following Ansible command to install and setup TFTP:

```
(python2) [root@localhost poap]# ansible-playbook   devbox_tftp_setup.yml
```

> Please note that the settings for the TFTP server configurations are made in `/root/sbx_nxos/learning_labs/poap/tftp_server/defaults/main.yml`. If you are planning to use this playbook for your environment, please update this file with configuration specific to you.

This playbook handles setting up the TFTP server configuration, the
necessary Security-Enhanced Linux (SELinux) settings and starting the service. After the playbook executes, use nano to examine at the TFTP configuration file found at `/etc/xinetd.d/tftp`.

``` shell
service tftp
{
  socket_type  = dgram
  protocol     = udp
  wait         = yes
  user         = root
  server       = /usr/sbin/in.tftpd
  server_args  = --secure /root/sbx_nxos/learning_labs/poap/poap_app/templates
  disable      = no
  per_source   = 11
  cps          = 100 2
  flags        = IPv4
}

```

In the example TFTP server configuration above, we are configuring the TFTP server, to serve files from the following directory:

```
/root/sbx_nxos/learning_labs/poap/poap_app/templates
```

This directory contains the POAP script (`poap_script.py`), all device
configurations, and potentially image files (for a real production deployment ) that we want to install on the target system.  Note we aren't dealing with OS images as we're using the virtual Nexus 9000 series switch!

> Please note that the `poap_script.py` is the script that is downloaded and executed on the NXOS device. This is an open-sourced script, available for download at [Cisco's POAP lab repo.](https://github.com/<TBD>) You can use this script directly after updating the `options` dictionary to point it to your internal POAP server.

We've now setup the DHCP and TFTP services preparing to execute the POAP process.  When the switch boots and receives the IP address of the TFTP server and the name of a script to execute, it downloads this script from the TFTP server.

In the next section, we'll examine a sample POAP Python-based script that's hosted on our TFTP server.

> Note: these scripts can also be written in Tool Command Language (TCL).
