### Getting the Configuration and Software Server Ready

The next server to get ready is the one that'll host configuration files and OS images that'll be copied down to each switch during the POAP process. Throughout this lab, we often refer to this as a _POAP Server_.

The POAP server we're using in this lab was written using the Python Flask web framework. It is a basic web server that handles HTTP requests from the switch and provides installation information back. It also functions as a HTTP based file server and serves the device configuration. 

> The code to setup the POAP server is open-sourced and can be downloaded from  [Cisco's POAP Lab repo](https://github.com/<TBD>)

Let's setup the POAP server. In order to understand the different communication flows, the POAP server will be run in debug mode within the lab. 

The first step is to install the dependencies required for the POAP server.  This includes things like the Flask web framework. This is done by executing the following pre-written Ansible playbook:


```
(python2) [root@localhost poap]# ansible-playbook   devbox_poap_reqs.yml
```


> IMPORTANT: Our POAP server relies on the `/root/sbx_nxos/learning_labs/poap/podvars.yml` file to generate the device specific configurations.  You'll take a look at this in the next section.


You can start the web server by invoking the Python script as follows:

``` shell
(python2) [root@localhost poap]#cd poap_app
(python2) [root@localhost poap_app]#
(python2) [root@localhost poap_app]# python poap_app.py 
 * Running on http://0.0.0.0:5000/ (Press CTRL+C to quit)
 * Restarting with stat
 * Debugger is active!
 * Debugger PIN: 117-915-351

```

This starts the central web service on the devbox. It listens on port 5000 (by default). Leave this terminal session open for now.  We will come back to this terminal session to observe the debug logs.


> Note: If you are planning to use this POAP server for a production deployment, the poap_app.wsgi file can be used to host the app using Apache, on port 80/443


