#### Setting the Configuration Parameters for Your Switches

When a switch starts executing the script, it makes HTTP calls to the POAP server. As stated previously, the POAP server used for this lab uses the `podvars.yml` file to render the specific configuration per device. 

Now, let us look at how we, as the operator, define switch specific settings that we want to apply to each switch.

Open another terminal session on devbox (do not close the one that's running the web server).

In your new terminal window, open up the file `/root/sbx_nxos/learning_labs/poap/poap_app/podvars.yml` using nano or a text editor of your choice.

You'll see this file:

``` yaml
---

pod:
  tftp_server: 10.10.20.20
  http_server: 10.10.20.20:5000
  protocol: http

switches:
  - hostname: nxos-spine1
    id: aaaa.aaaa.aaaa
    mgmt0_ip: 172.16.30.101/24
    lo0_ip: 192.168.0.101/24
    system_image: nxos.7.0.3.I6.1.bin
    kickstart_image: ""
    eth_hdw_id: 1

  - hostname: nxos-spine2
    id: aaaa.aaaa.aaab
    mgmt0_ip: 172.16.30.102/24
    lo0_ip: 192.168.0.102/24
    system_image: nxos.7.0.3.I6.1.bin
    kickstart_image: ""
    eth_hdw_id: 2

```

The snippet above shows you an example for two devices in the pod. This "settings" file is where you define the parameters that are used by the switches to locate it's image and configuration files (for our configuration/POAP server).

For instance, the IP address of the TFTP and HTTP server and the protocol used to collect the configuration (TFTP/HTTP) are defined under the `pod` _key_.

For the switch specific settings, we  need to know one of two things:

1. The switch's identifying MAC address (MAC on mgmt0) OR
2. The switch's Serial Number

In a real world scenario, it's likely that you might know the serial number from the invoice or shipment manifest. For the lab, since we are working with virtual devices, we are going to use the MAC Address `mac` is used as the _device identifier_.

In the configuration being applied for this lab, we are only setting a few basic parameters for the device:

  * Device hostname
  * IP addresses for the management interface
  * IP address for primary Loopback interface

Since these are virtual devices, the system image is set to match the device image and should not be changed!
